---
layout: blog
title: "Weekend 7/11"
---
There are no schedule for Summer STEM program on Fridays. Instead, I have classes for SAT's.
The class starts at 9:30AM-- or at least that's what the director told me. I am also planning to volunteer at my local queens library in Bayside, so I needed to get my working papers, since I'm 17 or younger. I am 17. So, I wait for the bus. It does not come. And I start walking. I didn't see any buses, so I kept walking. Finally, the bus came, but then, I only had 2 more blocks to go. And I got to Bayside HS by 9:15. I came yesterday, but the lady there told me to come back between 9AM to 2PM. So, here I was. It was helluva walk, in the sun and all.

Now, I'm waiting, and the guy at the front desk gets a call, saying that the person who does the working papers is RUNNING LATE TODAY! CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT. I thought I might be late for class, so I head back. (The class is located between the school and my house.) I get to class by 9:35, and NO ONE IS THERE. Turns out, the class starts at 10. Either the director lied so that I would come early, OR he didn't know &gt;:(
So the class ends at 2PM-- with lunch break<del>s</del> in between and stuff. I got out about 3 minutes earlier to go back to the school to get my papers. So I walk there, because... THE BUSES WERE NO WHERE TO BE FOUND --404 ERROR. Damn.
I get there, and this time, the lady is there. "YESSssSSSssssSSs!" I was thinking. I head to her office and ask her for the papers. I hand her the certification of physical fitness thing signed by my physician, and show her my id and my SS card. I was waiting, and she asks, "The application?" I went NUTS. I FORGOT THE APPLICATION.  
*cue dramatic music* DUN-DUN-DUUUNNN  
*ok, kill the dramatic music*  

Luckily, I was able to fill out everything in the office and make a phone call to my mom to get the permission/approval stuff. Things worked out. Kinda. Except for the fact that I walked like 300000 miles today.  
<hr />
I then go to the library and help out for a couple of hours. Get back home and have dinner.
<hr />

If you didn't know, by the way, I fence. The sport thing with the swords. Of the three subjects, I play epee, if anyone wants to know.
Honestly, I... haven't been in shape since my season ended in November (actually, I never was, but I like to think so). I though maybe I should start practicing again and I went to North Shore Fencers Club. I went there and I see one of my teammates there. His name is Mick Yamanaka, look him up or something. I registered for a membership, and started stretching. After that, we did some exercises and drills for stamina and muscle kind of stuff. During those moments, I knew, I KNEW that I was going to hate myself in the morning tomorrow. I would be sore as ^&amp;*!

The first game I played, I played Mick's 12-year old sister. I wasn't sure how I was supposed to fence, but it didn't matter. "Why?" you might ask. Well, she kicked my butt. Hard. Like, way harder than how Germany did Brazil's. Yup.
I fenced a couple others afterwards, and thankfully, I only got my ass beat up about three times.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;