---
layout: blog
title: "Futex Bug"
---
I forgot to add this in the last post, but I guess I'll leave it as a separate post.  
A couple of weeks ago, I updated my Galaxy S4 to KitKat from JellyBean. After doing so, of course, I proceeded to rooting the device. I looked around for some, and I found <a title="Towelroot" href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2783157" target="_blank">this post</a> from the renowned xda forums. <a title="XDA-Devs" href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/" target="_blank">XDA Developers forum</a> is the place to be if you decided you'll be doing ANYTHING on your Android device. The post was posted on June 15th by geohot. Geohot is a very well know hacker, praised by some, like me. He's known for being one of the first to unlock/jailbreak an iPhone and the PS3. Seriously, look him up if you haven't heard of him.

Anyways, it seems that there was a bug found within the linux kernel, and in just a couple of days, geohot managed to write an exploit for it and release a rooting application.  
I've always had interests in software security and such, and sometimes looked on here and there for things. So I looked more into it.

With a bit of googling, I found that it uses the <a title="CVE-2014-3153" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3153" target="_blank">CVE-2014-3153</a> vulnerability in the linux kernel in the futex thing. I didn't know too much about it, but it apparently affects kernel versions of last couple of years. I've read some places that the bug was originally reported by hacker Pinky Pie. Although some other sources say that it was c0mex, another well-known hacker.
Now, I am throwing around the terms such as, 'hackers' and 'hacking' very often, and I am very well aware of how the term 'hacker' and 'hacking' have been given negative connotations over the years. For most people that think of unshaven male sitting in a dark room, typing away, breaking into the NSA or something like that, when they hear these terms, they may have the wrong ideas about them. This is just one of the many examples how society and some malicious hackers happen to defiled these terms. Hacking things has brought and led to many beautiful things and have helped us many times over and again, but the media and such have highlighted the dark side of it so much that people tend to remember the negatives of it.

phew.

When TowelRoot was released, I, as an enthusiastic hacker and a maker, wanted to see how it worked. I decompiled the apk file using <a title="Apktool" href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=640592&amp;__utma=248941774.1888285716.1407731091.1407731091.1407731091.1&amp;__utmb=248941774.2.10.1407731091&amp;__utmc=248941774&amp;__utmx=-&amp;__utmz=248941774.1407731091.1.1.utmcsr=(direct)|utmccn=(direct)|utmcmd=(none)&amp;__utmv=-&amp;__utmk=205761424" target="_blank">one of the tools</a> developed on the xda. Browsing through the code, I saw that the main part of the exploit code was compiled in native code into a .so library file. I did try to disassemble it but it didn't lead anywhere. Also, it was in assembly.  
A little more research got me to <a title="TinyHack Blog- Futex Bug" href="http://tinyhack.com/2014/07/07/exploiting-the-futex-bug-and-uncovering-towelroot/" target="_blank">this</a> another blog. This blog pretty much had what it took me a couple of days to figure out. Turns out, "Towelroot is not opensource, and the binary is protected from reverse engineering by compiling with llvm-obfuscator." It explains the bug and even  has some C code to help understand how the exploit works. So far, I haven't been able to understand beyond the header 'On to the Kernel.'

Also, in the very last comment, the user solidwrench links to his blog, where he explained how he wrote his own exploit. When I first visited it, about 4 days ago, I was able to access it, but now, it seems that he has made it private. I'm guessing to prevent script kiddies and such from getting the exploit code.

Speaking of which, I also found <a title="Toweelroot.c" href="http://pastebin.com/A0PzPKnM" target="_blank">some stray source code</a> on Pastebin, named 'Toweelroot,' that seems to do... something.
I have started on learning the linux kernel.
So this is my progress on researching the futex bug.