---
layout: blog
title: "School 9/21"
---
With two full weeks of school completed, I finally got around to writing another post. My schedule is great. Really. I end all my classes by 12:38PM.  
First period is App Development. It's an experimental computer science class our school is trying out this year. Cool.  
Second period is English. I was going to try to transfer out to creative writing class, but seeing my friends and the teacher told me otherwise. It seems like it's going to be a fun year class after all. I hope.  

Third and fourth is AP Physics C. It's physics with calculus. How fun. We started work on the first day.  
And after two periods of calculus, I have AP Calculus BC! Even better. But at least the teachers are cool and funny. Especially Mr.Perna.  
And the sixth period and my last, is AP Macroeconomy with Government. We didn't really start doing economics stuff until a week and a half later.

On the second week, we also started our fencing practices. This year, we have about 6 new freshmen joining the team. Since we do not have an actual coach who knows how to fence, I, with help of Tegan from the girls' team, am teaching them to fence. We've had a couple successful and very productive practices so far. Seems like we won't be too far behind.
This past week, we had firedrills monday to thursday. And this year, the school people changed the alarm sound to something that will blow someone's eardrums out. Now, we actually WANT TO hurry out of school. So I guess that works.
I am also right in the middle of my college application. I'm planning to do an early application, and I should be revising my essay right now... hmmm... I have my eyes on RPI, Tufts, UMD, or Cooper Union. This whole process is just pure frustration. :)